Take them to the company and reproduce it
Sell at the lower price for the second hand
try to sell on the museum or any old shop 
take the batteries alone and save it and try to reproduce an new things
try to ask with your co worker and get an innovative ideas
separate the display from the device and try to put the new one 
Don't forget i.e Old is gold and now the technology is developed from an older thing only.
use them as coasters
use them as coasters
OK, I guess they could be used in some kind of 3D art. Like the wind chimes in the example suggestion, or a mobile, or something. I also don't see why you couldn't just replace the batteries with working ones or leave them plugged in, and use them as MP3 players.  You cold toss a few into Christmas presents to make noise when they're shaken, so the person can't tell what they're getting. You could take them apart to learn how they work, or to harvest the parts (wires, electronics, displays if they're there, etc.) You can use them like flash drives in a pinch -- after all, they have a USB connection and storage space. You could take all the inside stuff out and use the shell as a box for small items. Maybe it would be a good place to hide jewelry or something, to hide it from thieves. That would depend on the original MP3 player, though. It would have to be a cheap one. I wouldn't use an iPod for that because people would want to steal it just as much as they would jewelry. Maybe you could take out the speakers and attach them to a laptop somehow, to make it louder? 
Sorry, I didn't realize you were supposed to hit Enter after each idea. I'll break that up:

make arty with them

take them apart and study the inside to see what you can learn

takem them apart and use art with that

you could keep the creen really shiny and use it as an emergency mirror

you could collect a bunch and play a weird game of jenga with them

you could use them for anger management and throw them against a wall

you could use them as practice baseballs or the shoot in the one game where people throw disks and shoot at them for target practice

you could mix and match old parts and expiriment to see if you can make it work acain

you could run over with a car just for fun

you could build furniture for your kid's dolls by gluing a bunch together

you could try to balance them and make a dominos game

you could write on them and make a silly deck of cards.  iCards

you could set them up and play a mini set of unique drums
you could sell them to someone who buys junk stuff and make money


They could be used as some kind of 3D art, like the wind chimes in the example suggestion or a mobile or something.

You could probably replace or repair the batteries, or leave them plugged in, and use them as MP3 players.
you could pain and frame them to make some art

you could see if you get one that works with a display and just play game when it's plugged in

you could take apart all the metal and melt it down to make stuff

You could toss them into a Christmas present to make it rattle, and confuse the recipient.

You could take them apart to see how they work.

You could take them apart to harvest the parts.

Assuming they have a USB connection, you could use them as flash drives.
You could hollow them out and make a box.

You could take out the speakers and attach them to a laptop to make it louder.

Or to a desktop, although those are usually loud enough already for me.

You could give them as "gifts" to people you don't like.
In my idea older one's are gold because they work efficiently when compared to others. Even though the battery backup is not good we can use it roughly. Never forgot the old one's bcoz it's our assests to show the next generation.
These MP3 players disc are coin case. When we has to travel it is difficult to place the things it occupy more space
Ipods are having large storage capacity when compared to MP3 players disc's

1. Use the working parts to repair other I-pods or MP3 players

2. Use the working parts to build new devices either similar or different devices that can use the same components
3. Use the parts in an art class and build a statue of a robot from recycled parts, glue, paper mashe, etc...

Melt the metal parts and use them in recycled objects such as cans, key chains or belt buckles made out of recycled materials.

5. Power up the batteries via external sources such as solar power and use to power small electrical devices in the home.
6. Melt the plastic components and use them to make useable everyday items made from recycled plastic such as cups, plastic containers, plastic squirt bottles, headphones, etc...

6. Melt the plastic components and create molds out of them for art pieces and sculptures made of recycled plastic.
8. Paint the devices different colors and use them in different ways to decorate the house. Make them into an art project.
9. Use as paperweight.
10. Keep them and begin a collection of different ipods and Mp3 players 
As something you can use to keep your papers in place.

As a place to put some money on the side for a rainy day.

You can use it as a cigarette holder.

You can use it as a flash card player.

Sell the parts for some extra money.

You can use the parts that are usable to make your own very new iPod or MP3 player.
You can add hinges to the sides of the player and make it your very own money holder.


You can make holes in it and put any icing tips on it as a storage place for them.

Use it as a spoon holder.

You can use it as a door stop.
You can remove one side of the player and decorate it to make it look like a bookmark.
They can be used as baby toys which  make sound.


1.) If it does have a display, use it as a photo album. Hang it on the wall and have it display a slide show. Put it in a custom frame for more originality, individuality. Pair it with one that has sound only and provide a narrative for the slide show.
2.) If it has a display, turn it into a clock.

They can be used as toys for toddlers which makes noise.  
3.) Use it as a dedicated music player through a dock.

Use it as a dedicated voice recorder if it has that feature.

Use them in art projects such as sculptures, frescoes, etc.
recycle them for parts
use for an alarm clock
give to your children so they can use them for pretend play
give them to an inventor who may be able to fix them for other uses
Just throw them away.
5.) Make an art piece out of old or nonfunctional devices including iPods, MP3 players, older cell phones, alarm clocks (blinking 12:00, ha ha), etc.

6.) Load a "white noise" file on it and use it to hasten sleep.

clicking the menu button can be used as a stress reliever
7.) You could just recycle them if you have no uses for them.


use for file storage if possible

turn it into something else such as a cigarette case or an ashtray
sell it for quick cash
use the case part for storing things such as needles or buttons
use them to line a garden area
make into a mobile
pretend you are listening to music when you don't want to talk to people
use the earphones on your computer or other device
use as a reminder of how much money you waste on electronic devices
use to swat flies
give it as a gift to someone you hate
Picture frames, 3D sculpting materials, melted into some material that can be used to build other things, send to third-world countries to provide for educational opportunities, use for play in doll houses (for example, for pretend Barbie TVs), paperweights, throw a bunch of them in a big glass jar for a decorative, artful piece, candleholder, coaster, make into decorative refrigerator magnets, build a doghouse out of them, build a dollhouse out of them, use to hook to your TV to play content stored on them (use outlet power) use as an external hard drive with your computer, use as a car stereo input device (where it can be externally powered through the cigarette lighter)
dollhouse building material, sculpture material, make refrigerator magnets, coasters, paperweights, solar power them and send to third-world countries to use for educational stuff, power them from an outlet and use with your tv to play music and videos, use them as an externally hard drive for your computer, powering them with an outlet, use them as a music source, powering them from your cigarette lighter, your car stereo, make them into a doghouse, melt them down into something that can be used as a building material, put a bunch of them in a big glass jar as an artistic, decorative element that comments on the disposability and obsolescence of technology in today's society, candleholder, toss them in a beanbags-like game, use them as a weapon to thrown at burglars or to beat them with, use them to prop books open, use them as props for plays or films
You could use old iPods as devices to watch movies or even watch live events on, like as a separate mini-monitor, if you could somehow connect the device to a computer or television.
You can always still use it to listen to music, if connected to a computer or other external sound device.
You could recycle the items and use the broken metal and other parts to create new devices
You could sell the old devices back to apple, or even to anybody who might want them/have another use for it.
If you could somehow drill a slot/hole into the device, you could feasibly use the device as a coin bank.
You could trade them for newer devices which you would probably have a greater use for.
You could paint the devices and hang them on the ceiling or walls, as decorations.
You could show off the collection of old iPods to others, simply to feel esteemed or proud.
